Arrays
------
1.  Largest sum contiguous array / Max Subarray Sum / Kadane's algorithm
	Find subarray with given sum #39
	Find subarray with sum 0 #52
	Smallest subarray with sum greater than a given value #74
2.  Sorted rotated array
    - Search an element in a sorted rotated array #5 [solution 1 in notes; optimized solution in craking coding]
    - Find minimum element in sorted rotated array #79
    - Find if there is a pair with given sum in a sorted rotated array 
3.  Reverse an array
    Rotate an array
4.  Maximum subsequence sum such that no two elements are adjacent
5.  Leaders in an array #11
	Next greater element #28
	Replace every element with greatest element on right side #44
6.  Union and intersection
	- Sorted array
	- Unsorted array
7.  Binary Searh variants
	- Find the first occurrunce of x in a sorted array #14, 31
	- Find the last occurrunce of x in a sorted array #31
	- Find the ceiling of given number in sorted array #20
	- Find the smallest missing number in a sorted array #30
	- Find peak element in bitonic array
8.  Dutch National Flag
9.  Find the Minimum length Unsorted Subarray, sorting which makes the complete array sorted
10. Equilibrium index of an array
	Product array puzzle
11. Rotate matrix
	- NxN
	- MxN
12. Given an array arr[], find the maximum j – i such that arr[j] > arr[i]
13. Maximum Length Bitonic Subarray
14. Implement two stacks in an array
	Implement k stacks in an array
15. Find a pair in an array with given sum
	Find a triplet in an array with given sum
	Find four elements in any array with given sum in O(n^2 logn)
16. Find a sorted subsequence of size 3 in linear time
17. Minimum number of jumps to reach end
18. Longest increasing subsequence
	Maximum sum increasing subsequence
	Longest bitonic subsequence
	Maximum length chain of pairs
19. Longest increasing subsequence nLogn
20. Maximum product subarray
21. Stock
	- Allowed to buy and sell only once
	- Allowed to buy and sell twice
	- Allowed to buy and sell multiple times
	- Stock span problem
22. K’th Smallest/Largest Element in Unsorted Array
23. Sort an array in wave form
24. Maximum Sum Path in Two Arrays
25. Sort an array according to the order defined by another array
26. Merge K sorted arrays
27. Stable marriage problem
	Circular tour that visits all petrol pumps
28. Find the Increasing subsequence of length three with maximum product
29. Parition problem
	Balanced parition problem
30. Maximum circular subarray sum

Matrix
-------
01. Print a given matrix in spiral form
	Rotate Matrix Elements
02. A Boolean Matrix Question
	Find the row with maximum number of 1s
03. Maximum sum rectangle in a 2D matrix
04. Print all elements in sorted order from row and column wise sorted matrix
	Given a Boolean Matrix, find k such that all elements in k’th row are 0 and k’th column are 1.
	
LinkedList
----------
01. Swap nodes in a linked list without swapping data
	Pairwise swap elements of a given linked list 
	- Swap data
	- Swap links
02. Reverse a linked list
	Reverse a Linked List in groups of given size
	Reverse alternate K nodes in a Singly Linked List
	Reverse a Doubly Linked List
	Palindrome
03. Detect loop in a linked list
	Remove loop in linked list
04. Union & Intersection of two Sorted Linked Lists
05. Alternating split of a given Singly Linked List
	Merge two sorted linked lists
	Sort a linked list that is sorted alternating ascending and descending orders
06. Merge Sort for Linked Lists
07. Add Two numbers represented by LinkedList
	- reverse
	- normal
08. Rotate a Linked List
09. Merge a linked list into another linked list at alternate positions
	Rearrange a given linked list in-place.
	Given a linked list of line segments, remove middle points
10. Clone a linked list with next and random pointer
11. Flattening a Linked List
	Flatten a multilevel linked list
12. Bt to circular linked list

Binary Tree
------------
01. Traversal
	- Preorder
	- Inorder
	- Postorder
	- Morris traversal
	  - Preorder
	  - Inorder
02. Size of a tree
	Height of a tree
	Mirror of a tree
	Mirror of n-ary tree 
	Count Leaf nodes
03. Level order traversal #11
    Level order traversal in Spiral form #12
	Maximum width of a binary tree #22
04. Check a Bt for Children sum property
	Convert a Bt to a tree holding children sum property
	Check a Bt for Sum tree #27
	Convert a Bt to sum tree
05. Diameter of a Binary Tree 
    Check if a Binary tree is height balanced or not
06. Root to leaf path sum equal to a given number
	Maximum sum leaf to root path in a binary tree
07. Construct Tree from given Inorder and Preorder traversals
	Construct Special Binary Tree from given Inorder traversal
	Construct a special tree from given preorder traversal
	Construct Full Binary Tree from given preorder and postorder traversals
	Construct Complete Binary Tree from its Linked List Representation
	Construct a tree from Inorder and Level order traversals
08. Print nodes at k distance from root
    Print ancestors of a given node  
09. Connect nodes at same level #29
	Populate inorder successor for all nodes
10. Check whether given Bt is complete or not
	Check wheteher given Bt is full or not
11. Convert a bt to doubly linked list | set3
	Convert a bt to a circular linked list
12. Remove all nodes which dont lie in any path with sum >= k
	Remove nodes on root to leaf paths of length < k
13. Left view
	Right
	Top
	Bottom
	Vertical order, Vertical sum
14. Lca
	Distance between two given keys of a Bt
15. Print all nodes that are distance K from leaf node
	Print all nodes at distance K from given node
16. Check if given Bt is height balanced like Red-Black Tree
17. Find Maximum path sum between two leaves of a Bt
	Find Maximum path sum in a binary tree
	Find Maximum/Minimum in binary tree
18.	Sum of all numbers that are formed from root to leaf paths
19. Find the closest leaf in a Binary Tree 
20. Find the next right node of given key
	Find multiplication of sums of data of leaves at same levels	
21. Symmetric Tree 

Bst
---
01. Inorder predecessor and successor for a given key in Bst
02. Check if a Bt is a Bst or not
03. Lca in a Bst
04. Find the Kth smallest element in Bst
	Find Kth largest element in Bst
05. Sorted Array to Balanced Bst
    Sorted LinkedList to Balanced Bst
	Bt to Bst
06. Find the largest Bst subtree in a given Bt
07. Floor and ceil from Bst
08. Add all greater values to every node in a given Bst
	Convert Bt to Bst such that sum of all greater keys is added to every key
09. Remove Bst keys outside the given range
10. Merge two Bsts 
	Merge two balanced Bsts
11. Construct Bst from given preorder traversal
12. Print Bst keys in a given range
	Count Bst subtrees that lie in given range
	Count Bst nodes that lie in given range

